c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\Providers.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\Maps\ProductMap.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\SqlMap.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\ProjectElu.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\ProjectElu.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\ProjectElu.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\Castle.DynamicProxy.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\IBatisNet.Common.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\IBatisNet.Common.Logging.Log4Net.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\IBatisNet.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\IBatisNet.DataMapper.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\Maps\PRODUCT.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\Maps\ROLE.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\Maps\USER.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\Providers.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\SqlMap.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\1.db
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\ProjectElu.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\ProjectElu.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\ProjectElu.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\Castle.DynamicProxy.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\IBatisNet.Common.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\IBatisNet.Common.Logging.Log4Net.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\IBatisNet.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\IBatisNet.DataMapper.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\log4net.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\bin\Debug\System.Data.SQLite.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\xxl\Demo\ProjectElu\ProjectElu\obj\Debug\ProjectElu.pdb
